Create render-lineage-feature.md (#1881)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/release-notes/07-July-2022/render-lineage-feature.md

---
title: "Enhancement: Large DAG feature"
id: "render-lineage-feature"

> description: "Add a render button for Large DAGs to visualize"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Add a render button to visualize large DAGs"
```

sidebar_label: "Enhancement: Large DAG feature"
tags: [July-5-2022, v1.1.56]

---

You can now select **Render Lineage** to visualize large DAGs. 

> Large DAGs can take a long time (10+ seconds, if not minutes) to render and can cause browsers to crash. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Large DAGs can take a long time (10 or more seconds, if not minutes) to render and can cause browsers to crash. 
```

> The new button feature prevents large DAGs from rendering automatically. Instead, you can select **Render Lineage** to load up the visualization. This should affect only ~15% of the DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new button prevents large DAGs from rendering automatically. Instead, you can select **Render Lineage** to load the visualization. This should affect about 15% of the DAGs.
```
